A quest that uses a temporary graphics interface to delineate the The disorientation that navigating presents across nonlinear distances within the context of one goal that is simple, or maybe two goals that isolated are simple among some selves so a list of simple goal.
I think one way that people get confused with directions is imagining a squiggly line that eventually goes north so the mine says it's north. So most people would go north however that road goes to the east instead of the west and all those roads don't go to the west and they don't go to the west north they just go east south for example.
So I'd imagine that instead of showing a map one could explore with the visual orientation and have a compass that would show northwest east and south and the temporary graphics in the face would show a compass that would rotate according to either the players direction or the cameras direction whichever is comfortable for the player then the map word color and the more that is explored.
 This could train the mind to think and not an effective way, not in efficient way, but in what might be the only way to think about traversing through the supposed real world in a video game while thinking about a map or looking at a map.

So  this would intern subconsciously train the mine to become faster and faster at thinking of a map and orienting themselves. I found that in real life scenarios doing this method and it's taken 10 years course of five times per one day and about once per every six months and maybe once every per every three months.  So that is to say this is very stressful in mind so perhaps these types of questions should be placed often however spaced out and not required to progress to the game they should be spaced out not amongst time or interactions but spaced out amongst the last time it was attempted  per type and not request.

Perhaps these types of quests would be offered by travelers. Allowing for such a good proverbial time in the event that spaces out between it's similar to quest types this would ensure that a monitor type system wouldn't be made it would just need a timing trigger system in order to enforce what I call the anti-tire the player out mechanism .
